turn the beach with your life every day
don't let anybody's that that's a
farmers market organic a homegrown
tomato that's uncle Robbie nice little I
choked hearts green olives cucumber
celery you see it olive oil balsamic in
us a little pepper Mike foster how you
guys doing
guess what it's summer I'm looking for a
nice fresh healthy delicious salad this
is Mike tomato senilis my killer tomato
salad with all those ingredients but
tomato will still be to start a show I'm
gonna chop these babies up put this baby
together I can't wait to eat it
okay we're gonna start off with the
kohlrabi you just trim it like this I
have a video about how to eat kohlrabi
and let is kohlrabi discard that then
you just peel it like this and what
you're left with is this it's such a
beautiful fruit check it out tastes like
to me broccoli stems so let's prep this
and we'll give it one more shot that
babies then here's the bowl Oh Robbie's
in next these beautiful artichoke hearts
just give them a rough a rough chop just
like this as you can see about a boo
those babies are done in the bowl so so
far a nice green color Abbey artichoke
now you take this cucumber prep this guy
put about that much cute
there's a cute so I'm gonna this quarter
it wipe that baby down clap that baby
now all right cue keys done how's that
look
next up is this beautiful organic celery
get rid of this part cuz that's bitter
get rid of this part cuz that's better
then was gonna stop it like this I'm
trying to make all the bits about the
same size so that your mouth doesn't get
surprised about anything this part goes
for the chef's green eyes just give them
a little chop you can put them in whole
but this just drop these guys up just a
little those babies are ready there we
go that's the baby now the star to show
let's get that beautiful tomato going
alright I'm gonna cut this baby in half
that's nice cut this green part off here
you can see get this guy off I'm gonna
take this tomato cut it half like this
and then nice little corner like pieces
like that for this beautiful tomato
salad zoo battle boom nice alright let's
add that tomato it is the star of the
show there we go
hidey-ho I'm gonna give it just a little
mix with my hands that is beautiful
now let's dress this baby yet okay some
fresh cracked pepper
extra-virgin olive oil
dress it up dress it up what I'm saying
this is some beautiful balsamic vinegar
little goes a long way so be careful
Beauty there it is your killer Wow to
make them sell fresh ingredients
delicious I can't wait to dig away
Mike's killer summer fresh tomato salad
it looks good
simple to make key is fresh ingredients
let's take a bite
tomato oh that's all about the tomato
I'm gonna sneak some of these other ones
I taste the kohlrabi yep both stomach is
perfect I got that artichoke hmm check
it out try it for more videos like this
please subscribe to my youtube channel
live life 365 and my website menacingly
next time peace